Rough draft CRD for RVI20 and MC100 (#862)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: crd/src/rvi20.adoc

== RVI20 Certificate

The RVI20 Certificate comes in RVI20-32 and RVI20-64 flavors covering cores compatible with the https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Kg7Ner5ZlxFDclf92-9Tz88JvmZWt5Wb/view[RVI20U32] and https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Kg7Ner5ZlxFDclf92-9Tz88JvmZWt5Wb/view[RVI20U64] profiles, respectively. They are identical except that the base extension is RV32I or RV64I.

> The RVI20 Certificate is intended to cover basic RISC-V functionality and optional unprivileged features from RV64GC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RVI20 Certificate is intended to cover basic RISC-V functionality and optional unprivileged features from RV{32/64}GC.
```

|C|2.0|Optional|Zca Compressed Instructions + Zcf/Zcd Compressed Floating-Point if F/D included
|Zifencei|2.0|Optional|Instruction-fetch Fence
|Zicntr|2.0|Optional|Basic Counters
|Zihpm|2.0|Optional|Hardware Performance Monitors
|===

RVI20 is an unprivileged profile, meaning that no privileged architecture features are required or tested
during certification. If an implementation has privileged modes, certification tests are conducted directly after
reset (i.e. in Machine mode).

The `ecall` and `ebreak` instructions are OUT-of-SCOPE because the execution environment is not specified
and untestable.

The Zicsr extension is OUT-OF-SCOPE except when it is used to access CSRs defined in Zicntr, Zihpm, or F.

=== Parameters

[[t-RVI20-parameters]]
.RVI20 Parameters
[cols="2, 1, 1, 4" options=header]
|===
|Parameters|Dependency|Supported Values|Definition
|MXLEN|n/a|32, 64|Integer register width (privilege mode not specified).
|M_MODE_ENDIANNESS|n/a|little|Endianness.  Applies to all tests (privilege mode not specified).
|MISALIGNED_LDST|n/a|True, False|True: test non-atomic misaligned loads and stores to main memory; False: do not test misaligned loads and stores.
|===

> All other parameters are OUT-OF-SCOPE for RVI20 certification.

Reviewer: I think `TIME_CSR_IMPLEMENTED` is IN-SCOPE.
